I warn you, this conference is extraordinary.
No room for interference
All right, everybody.
Take out all the arrows in your hands
Ye Tianci, Mr. Zhang is serious
But I don't care about you
Because I'm about to become the president of the Great Xia Chamber of Commerce
You know how to become a big summer
What does it mean to be president of a chamber of commerce?
It means that no matter how much wealth you have
As long as you are in Daxia
I have a way
Don't worry, there won't be such a day.
What a night!
But there are so many businesses in the West
How can you be sure it's a night wandering dragon?
At least it can be proved that the dead man is a night market person
The night is like a song
What turned out to be love like a song
How could it be introduced like this?
Don't you say it's him?
How did it become love like a song?
It's over, it's over
Here we go.
Never get back to performance
Ye Rulong
I shouldn't have believed your nonsense in the first place
The night is like a song
How could it be him?
It shouldn't be me Yan Rulong, right?
Two words just two words away
If you are the president of the Great Xia Chamber of Commerce
The Daxia Chamber of Commerce will be handed over to you in the future.
I will be the president of the Great Xia Chamber of Commerce in the future
Our party represents the Daxia Chamber of Commerce
I have seen the president, I have seen the president